So I'm gonna show off how
collection group queries work.
All right, collection group queries,
that is in this colour
collection group queries.
So I wanna get the first 100 expenses
across all users that are under $100.
So what I've done in the emulator
is if we go to users,
each user does have
an expensive sub collection.
I've sort of preloaded all of this with
everything we could possibly need.
So this user actually does have all
of their expenses loaded within here.
So within here, I can say, okay, well,
let me start with the expenses column and
what I want to do actually
instead of expenses column I
want to do a collection group.
So what I'm gonna say is create a,
Expenses group that is a collection group.
No not capital c, being imported,
okay, yeah, it's being imported.
Collection group of FireStore,
it's passing in FireStore first and
then passing in R ID of expenses.
So I'll say expenses group and
I want to limit first 100 and
I want to say where cost is less
than 100 So now,
this really does the same thing as we had
before, but allows us to have flexibility.
So I can get by a specific user or I can
get within, without running a query or
I can get everything by running
a collection group query.
And so by structuring my data this way,
it's almost like I have two collections
of all expenses and individual expenses.
And when you start to think about your
data being structured that way and
the no SQL world.
You'll find that a lot of your
queries become really based upon
where they are located, rather than
all the constraints that you need.
And that gives you extra fields and
extra things to query on.
Because the goal is in the know SQL world
is to make sure that all those reads
are as fast as possible.
So the second one, Is I
wanna get the first 100 expenses
across all users from any date range,
I think that you can make
up whatever you want.
So to do that it's, again,
expenses group and I'm going to say,
where first 100 expenses, so limit 100.
And I'll say where date is equal
to new date 12/15/2021.
And just like that, all the expenses,
so, collection group queries
are super powerful and that way it
gives you way more flexibility.
Just make sure that you take advantage of
the hierarchy that FireStore provides you
and you can do a lot of amazing things.